The Third Prince receives the decree.
I don’t know how to take off the ring.
I want to see the Emperor.
How dare you defy the decree!
Ah, Brother Huo.
Help me.
I have no other intentions toward you.
The dragon robe and tiger talisman are not mine.
Someone is framing me.
They are framing me.
I believe you.
The dragon robe and tiger talisman
were placed in your residence by the righteous faction.
Why? Why did you do this?
Why do you want to kill me?
The evidence is fake.
But your treasonous intentions are real.
You’re talking nonsense. I didn’t.
You’re talking nonsense. You’re talking nonsense.
Just for what you did to me,
you deserve to die eight hundred times.
In my previous life,
I actually died at the hands of such a person.
Finish eating and set off on your journey.
Hahaha hahahaha